Are the heinz ketchup bottles sold in packs?
Do you have skim milk?
Is this pound of avocados on sale?
Can you put those apples in a separate bag?
What is the price of a watermelon?
Do you have packs of soda bottles?
How many eggs are in this carton?
Do you have a bigger pack of bananas?
Are apples sold at this price?
Where are the soda packs?
How many cans of soda are in a pack?
Do you have brown eggs instead of white eggs?
Where are the avocados on sale?
I would like to put this carton of eggs back
Put the watermelon in a separate bag
What is the price of this skim milk?
Could you double bag the milk gallons?
What is the price of this milk gallon?
Could you direct me to the fruits section?
When does this nonfat milk expire?
Does this ketchup come in a smaller bottle?
Can you help me locate the dairy section?
What is the price of an avocado?
Could you give me the cartons of brown eggs?
Do you have any two liter soda bottles around?
What aisle are the heinz ketchup bottles located in?
Please dont put the apple in a bag
Can you double bag the watermelon?
Where can I find nonfat milk?
What is the price of this nonfat milk gallon?
Please tell me where the bananas are
Are these avocados by the pound?
Do you have 2% milk?
Can you put the 2% and 1% milk in separate bags?
What is the price of a pound of bananas?
Could you bag these bananas?
Can you check if this apple is on sale?
Can I get these avocados in a package?
What is the price of a pound of avocados?
I will pick up the apples
Do you have more of the 1% milk?
Do you have any more bananas?
Do you have any larger packs of coca cola soda?
Do you have cans of coca cola soda?
Are there any smaller ketchup bottles?
Where can I weigh this bag of bananas?
What is the price of a pound of watermelons?
Do you have any sales on brown eggs?
How much does each pack of eggs cost?
Do you know if these eggs are cage free?
Can you help me find white eggs?
What is the price of one can of coca cola soda?
Do you have organic milk?
What is the price of a carton of white eggs?
What is the price of each apple?
How many apples can fit in that bag?
How many apples are in this bag?
Please put those apples in the bag
Do all apples cost the same price?
I would like to check the price on these apples separately
How many apples are usually in a pack?
How many avocados are in a pound?
Can you put those apples in separate bags?
Where is the whole milk?
Can you put the whole milk and skim milk in separate bags?
Are these ketchup bottles sold in packs as well?
What is the price of this ketchup bottle?
What is the price of a carton of brown eggs?
Where are the white eggs?
Are the brown eggs sold in bigger packs?
What is the price of a pack of a dozen brown eggs?
How many eggs are in this carton?
Are the brown eggs on sale?
Do you have cage free eggs in stock?
Do you have a sale on watermelons?
What is the price of this soda pack?
Put all the soda packs in one bag
Do you have any sales on the two liter soda bottles?
Is there a sale on the soda bottles?
What is the price of a two liter soda bottle?
Do you have sliced watermelons?
Where are the soda cans located?
Are there any sales on sliced watermelon right now?
What is the price of a milk gallon?
What is the price for a pack of bananas?
Is there a sale for avocados right now?
Are mini bananas sold in this store?
What is the price of the big pack of bananas?
Do you have any packaged avocados?
Are the mini bananas sold by the pound or in packs?
What is the price of one pack of ketchup bottles?
Are there any sales on the green apple packs?
Do the red and green apples cost the same?
How many green apples are in this pack?
Are these green apples sold by the pack as well?
Are these bananas sold in packs as well?
Do you have any packs of ketchup?
What is the price of a heinz pack of ketchup bottles?
Can you put each watermelon in a separate bag?
Are watermelons sold by the pound?





